3.16: Update Puppet guide for OpenVox (#5019)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_high-level-steps-for-configuration-management-with-puppet.adoc

= High-level steps for configuration management with Puppet

[role="_abstract"]

> After you deploy OpenVox agent on a host, use {Project} to manage Puppet modules, import classes, set parameter overrides, and assign classes to hosts so configuration is applied automatically or on demand.

Reviewer: Just a false positive.

This is a poorly written rule, "on demand" shouldn't be used as an adjective, but IBM Style recommends the use as adverb, which it is here.

Reviewer: That being said, an article is missing, it was correct in #4766

```suggestion
After you deploy an OpenVox agent on a host, use {Project} to manage Puppet modules, import classes, set parameter overrides, and assign classes to hosts so configuration is applied automatically or on demand.
```

Configuration management with Puppet involves the following high-level steps:

> . Managing Puppet modules on the OpenVox server, by installing and updating them.

Reviewer: Align with #4766

```suggestion
. Managing Puppet modules on the OpenVox server by installing and updating them.
```

> . Managing Puppet modules on the OpenVox server, that is installing and updating them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Managing Puppet modules on the OpenVox server, by installing and updating them.
```

https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/4766 also had this

. Importing Puppet classes and environments from Puppet modules into {Project}.
. Optional: Creating config groups from Puppet classes.
. Configuring overrides of Smart Class parameters on various levels.
. Assigning Puppet classes or config groups to host groups or individual hosts.

> . Configuring intervals for runs of the OpenVox agent on hosts and for configuration enforcement runs of the Puppet server.

Reviewer: Is this one also needed?

```suggestion
. Configuring intervals for runs of the OpenVox agent on hosts and for configuration enforcement runs of the OpenVox server.
```
